Secondary label examples for radio and checkbox (#3431)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/radio-button/examples.mdx

For more information, refer to the [form field](/salt/patterns/forms) guidance.

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="radio-button" exampleName="WithSecondaryLabel" >

## WithSecondaryLabel

> You can use radioButton with secondary label in a form field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use radio button with secondary label in a form field.
```

Author: done

> You can use radio button with secondary label in a form field.

Reviewer 2: And here

Author: done
